raw diets are inherently nutritionally
deficient and there is
absolutely no reason to follow a raw
diet long term
on top of promoting an eating disorder
they are also promoting
anti-semitism i'm not sure if you're all
aware of this
but fully rock christina has had john
rose on her channel
twice now and john rose is a
anti-semite he is a pro-nazi hitler
supporter
and he thinks the jews are satan
worshipers who are trying to take over
the world with an open mind within five
minutes you can prove the holocaust is a
scam
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
they're the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
so that is some pretty crazy [ __ ]
not only is john rose a holocaust denier
but he also believes that hitler was
pretty nice to the jews
and he wishes that hitler and the nazis
had won the war
if only hitler and nazis took over the
world
then you know everyone would have been
vegetarian
so why did fully raw christina bring
this guy
onto her channel why does she promote
him and his content
it really brings into question her
ethical beliefs
like how she feels about jews and the
holocaust
john rose is a person who is so dear to
my heart
for those of you who don't know john
john how do
how do i even describe your magicalness
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
and again if if germa if hitler would
have won the war
this world would be a different world
right now he would have turned germany
into a vegetarian country
people would have seen around the world
look this is what i'm trying to do now
with you guys where people are going to
start thinking or hate me think oh my
god he's anti-semitic
you're so you've been so brainwashed you
don't even realize jews aren't semites
i mean that's it when you look more into
this you realize
that it's all a distraction and we don't
need to be distracted here
forget everything about hitler who cares
whether he's good or bad
he did something that woke us up and
that's all we need to take from hitler
i'll concede he's evil i don't care it
doesn't matter what matters is what he
proved to the world
japan did the same thing what did the
world do they attacked them
do i have your attention i'm human i'm
real i too have pent up tension i have
thoughts
feelings and passions to reveal this is
the man who introduced me to eating raw
foods he's one of the closest people to
me
a a mentor beyond all beliefs so many
people right now are just
asleep you can shake them you can yell
at them you can ask them to drink a
green juice
and they genuinely believe that it
doesn't matter well
the jews come and came up with a game
plan and they said look
we can get america if we can get america
involved will you give us palestine
and we can get america involved because
we own the press over there we can
change public opinion around in the
flash
we can make up stories about how bad
these are and when you look at the evil
atrocities that happened during that
time it was back in russia the gulags in
russia that's where you see a lot of
those pictures
and then when you see people that were
starving to death in these work camps
the reason why they were starving to
death is months before
the war was ended the allied forces the
bad guys
bombed the hell out of the roads that
brought supplies to those work
camps and i am an official version
denier that's right
i know garments lie i know
that the official version
from most officials
is a lie if you deny this if you called
this denier and that denying this denier
vaccine denier
climate denier holocaust and iron
you need to look into those subjects
with an open mind
to understand what i'm saying you got to
watch if you haven't already
1500 architects and engineers for 9 11
truth
it's frightening frightening for a lot
of people to to realize this is really
an effect a twilight zone that we live
on in this planet
where psychopaths literally run the
asylum we are dead
slaves you got to play our money game
when you play our money game
for every billion dollars we print we
get 90 billion we have an unfair
economic advantage we can only control
everything brainwashed the hell out of
you guys bombard you with so much
information you go to the movies
and you're being reinforced and put more
pages in those books
so that when you see someone telling the
truth you're going denied and i die
or look at my book it's so freaking big
health is more than just about the food
and your physical well-being
but it's also about your spiritual
emotional and mental self-love as well
being creative and writing helps me to
process pain and grief
so i wrote a poem what i'm about to
share with you is also an important part
of healthy expression
ask your doctor ask your doctor every
time we turn around we're putting more
pages in that medical
corral don't you see
my god how many times do they say that
on tv ask your doctor ask your doctor
ask your doctor that's another page in
that
big freaking book another page another
page another page they're the experts no
they're not
they're intentionally misdirected by
that sick
group of people the powers that be who
control the media
it's obvious governments lie official
version can't be trusted
history books are buck and uh the reason
i'm i'm bringing this up right now the
reason i'm criticizing christina for it
is because this horseshit does not
belong in the vegan movement
uh stupid [ __ ] should be called out for
what it is
um look i've criticized tim sheath
for believing the earth is flat i've
criticized
you know raw diets i've criticized
crazy sjws none of this crap should be
promoted
none of this [ __ ] should be accepted in
the vegan movement
including john rose and his anti-semitic
[ __ ]
look what henry ford did
he spent five million dollars of money
sacrificed his life
sacrificed a lot of money he lost a lot
of business by spending that five
million dollars over a seven year period
of time
you know what he did he bought a
newspaper
refused to take any advertising he lost
money on it
now henry ford was a rich man he was the
richest guy back then
industrialist he was a good man
kind-hearted man he was a vegetarian
he doubled his workers wages overnight
paid the guy who got the least more
money than his competitors paid the most
gave him a pension plan he donated 12
million the first year to
on behalf of those and when he found out
the powers that being who they were what
did he do
he bought this newspaper hired the best
reporters you can find the best private
investigators
the best journalist
sent them all around the world to dig up
the truth
put out weekly articles every so often
finally put all those into two books
500 pages each two volume book
you need to look at henry ford he was a
good man
he understood what we're talking about
here i'm not even going to tell you
because it's going to push a hot button
for some of you clowns out there
we've got books that are so full of [ __ ]
you don't realize it's making you a
slave you could reach the tipping point
and also
all of us bumped up our body photons all
of us became better the best that we can
be
the feeling that we're one with
everything that's the most perfect way
to describe it
so i left this comment on her video
stating
weird how you'll make a follow-up video
explaining why you're a virgin when
literally no one cares but you won't
address why you promote that racist
pro-nazi anti-semite john rose her reply
i'm not a racist anti-semite so why even
accuse me of this
it's enlightenment it's waking people up
right
bringing them into consciousness so many
people right now are just
asleep this is an exciting time to live
i'm telling you we can wake up the
masses and take back the money supply so
we can
take back our educational systems and
all that kind of stuff we got to take
back the money supply we got to do away
with usury
the people who rule the world want
everyone to be under usury underneath
their spell
their monetary system if you think
hitler is evil you'll never look at
anything he did that's why they did that
that's why they demonized him
there's a reason why we came over here
and bombed the hell out of germany
so that no one could see that they were
prospering we live on an abundant planet
germany japan libya they prove to the
world we live on abundant planet what do
we do we go over there and attack them
destroy them
all wars are bankers wars that's what
henry ford found out
it was these international bankers that
are printing our money
that's what the wars were about last
century
just because i know him and he's been
part of my journey
doesn't mean i align with all of his
beliefs and vice versa
okay so that is a fair point uh you can
agree with someone on a particular topic
you can have somebody on your youtube
channel
to you know discuss certain things but
that doesn't mean you agree with
all of their beliefs that is a fair
point now the issue is
with uh context here now uh
fully rock christina didn't only have
john rose
on her channel to talk about raw
veganism that's not all that happened
uh she spoke of john rose in an
incredibly
flattering manner and remember this is a
guy
who is an anti-semitic pro-nazi hitler
supporter
gaddafi same thing google gaddafi what
he was doing for that country people
loved him over there
they were flourishing over there proven
to africa hey we're in the desert but
we're going to make it flourish
can't have that happen on this planet
because we got sick [ __ ] out here
that rule everything
i'm tired of this when you bump up those
bi-photons when you get your sixth sense
you realize
there's only one way for me to make my
life better since i'm connected to
everything is to make everything around
me better
if we all had that mentality we would
have what's called reciprocal altruism
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
when you talk about john rose as this
amazing human being
a mentor a just a magical person
a gem on this planet and you urge
everyone to check out his youtube
channel
watch all of his videos you are
promoting
everything that john rose stands for
including his racist
pro-nazi anti-semitic [ __ ] i am
convinced at this point that
you agree with john rose with his
beliefs on
the nazis hitler and the jews otherwise
you would have taken these videos down
off of your channel
or at the very [ __ ] least you would
have made a public statement denouncing
him
as a racist anti-semite and you do not
agree with his viewpoints
i am so excited that you guys joined us
today for this conversation if you've
liked it be sure to give this video a
thumbs up and
head on over to john's youtube channel
hit the subscribe
watch some of his videos and support him
he's truly just a gem
on this planet so much knowledge to
share so
much love to share if it wasn't for
hitler
this would be a different world we've
got to open up our mind and realize what
what kind of injustice we're doing to
this man and it reminds me of what
happened to me when i got into college
and i found out that i was lied to about
the american indians
that they weren't savages they weren't
scalping us
we were scalping them the white man had
bounties on the native americans
and they retaliated and yet i grew up
thinking that these were the bad people
i really feel bad that i felt that way
about someone and they didn't deserve
that type of condemnation well you guys
most of us every one of us basically is
doing that to hitler
and the german people these are lies
just like we lied about the
native americans with an open mind
within five minutes you can prove the
holocaust is a scam
five minutes with an open mind and once
you realize that's a scam then
everything else falls apart too
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point you're
getting distracted
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
they're the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
germany and japan prove to the world
that we live on abundant planet
and our debt masters cannot allow that
to happen
so they own the media they brainwashed
everyone they made sure the history
books were written
that told their story that these guys
were bad they did all these bad things
and it's all hokum it's all
[ __ ] reinforcing this belief that
these people are the epitome of evil
anybody who uses hitler
and nazis as the epitome for evil on a
repeated basis like that is obviously a
shield
and is part of controlled opposition
don't look at what
hitler did in germany in japan
don't look at what they did because they
proved to the world that we live on an
abundant planet
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point and i want
to be fair
and give fully ron christina a chance to
prove me wrong and redeem herself
if you make a video on your youtube
channel denouncing
john rose as a racist anti-semite and
you take these two videos down off of
your channel promoting him
then i will delete this video you're
watching right now i'll delete it off of
my channel
and i will make my own video publicly
apologizing to you
uh you know stating that you're in fact
not a racist you don't promote john rose
so balls in your court you have every
opportunity to prove me wrong prove to
everyone that you're not a racist
but if you don't do that